### Test Case 1

Input

```
s
x 10
i 3
i 2
i 1
i 4
i 5
p
s
s
x 6
x 5
i 10
s
e
```

Output

```
0 0
-1
2 1 4 3 5
1 1
-1
2 4 5
2 1
```

Explanation for Output:

1. s: Print the count the number of left and right rotations.Initially both are 0.
2. Search 10: The tree is empty, so -1 is printed.
3. Insert 3: The tree is empty, so 3 becomes root. AVL property is not violated.
4. Insert 2: 2 becomes left child of 3. AVL property is not violated.
5. Insert 1: 1 becomes left child of 2. AVL tree property is violated at root with LL imbalance , so do right rotation at root.
6. Insert 4: 4 becomes right child of 3. AVL property is not violated.
7. Insert 5: 5 becomes right child of 4. AVL property is violated at 3 with RR imbalance , so do left rotation at 3.
8. p: print the preoreder traversal.
9. s: Print the count the number of left and right rotations. Count of left rotations and right rotations are 1,1 respectively.
10. Search 6: 6 is not present in the tree. so print -1.
11. Search 5: 5 is present in the tree. It follows the path 2,4 and 5.
12. Insert 10: 10 becomes right child of 5. AVL property is violated at 2 with RR imbalance , so do left rotation at 2.
13. s: Print the count the number of left and right rotations. Count of left rotations and right rotations are 2,1 respectively.
14. Final tree is:
         4
        / \
       2   5
      / \   \
     1   3   10

### Test Case 2

Input

```
i 89
i 56
i 72
s
x 72
p
i 80
i 90
x 99
s
p
e
```

Output

```
1 1
72
72 56 89
-1
1 1
72 56 89 80 90
```

Explanation for Output:

1. Insert 89: The tree is empty, so 89 becomes root. AVL property is not violated.
2. Insert 56: 56 becomes left child of 89. AVL property is not violated.
3. Insert 72: 72 becomes right child of 56. AVL property is violated at root with LR imbalance, so first implement left rotation at  56 and then implement right rotation at 89.
4. s: Print the count the number of left and right rotations. Count of left rotations and right rotations are 1,1 respectively.
5. Search 72: 72 is present in the tree and follows the path 72.
6. p: print the preoreder traversal.
7. Insert 80: 80 becomes left child of 89. AVL property is not violated.
8. Insert 90: 90 becomes right child of 89. AVL property is not violated.
9. Search 99: 99 is not present in the tree. so print -1.
10. s: Print the count the number of left and right rotations. Count of left rotations and right rotations are 1,1 respectively.
11. p: print the preoreder traversal.
12. Final tree is:
          72
         /  \
        56  89
           /  \
          80  90 


### Test Case 3

Input

```
x 30
i 30
x 30
i 100
i 50
i 75
i 82
x 50
x 100
s
p
i 2
i 59
s
e
```

Output

```
-1
30
50
50 82 100
2 2
50 30 82 75 100
2 2
```

Explanation for Output:

1. Search 30: The tree is empty, so print -1.
2. Insert 30: The tree is empty, so 30 becomes the root. AVL property is not violated.
3. Search 30: 72 is present in the tree and it follows the path 30.
4. Insert 100: 100 becomes right child of 30. AVL property is not violated.
5. Insert 50: 50 becomes left child of 100. AVL property is violated at 30 with RL imbalance , so first implement rightt rotation at  100 and then implement left rotation at 30. 
6. Insert 75: 75 becomes left child of 100. AVL property is not violated.
7. Insert 82: 82 becomes right child of 75. AVL property is violated at 100 with LR imbalance , so first implement left rotation at 75 and then implement right rotation at 100.
8. Search 50: 50 is present in the tree and it follows the path 50.
9. Search 100: 100 is present in the tree and follows the path 50 82 100.
10. s: Print the count the number of left and right rotations. Count of left rotations and right rotations are 2,2 respectively.
11. p: prints the postorder traversal.
12. Insert 2: 2 becomes left child of 30. AVL property is not violated.
13. Insert 59: 59 becomes left child of 75. AVL property is not violated.
14. s: Print the count the number of left and right rotations. Count of left rotations and right rotations are 2,2 respectively.
15. Final tree is:
          50
         /  \
        30   82
       /    /  \
      2    75  100 
          /
         59


### Test Case 4

Input

```
i 66
i 79
i 1
i 53
i 23
i 29
i 87
i 17
i 78
s
x 17
x 78
p
e
```

Output

```
3 2
53 23 1 17
53 79 66 78
53 23 1 17 29 79 66 78 87
```

Explanation for Output:

1. Insert 66: The tree is empty, so 66 becomes root. AVL property is not violated.
2. Insert 79: 79 becomes right child of 66. AVL property is not violated.
3. Insert 1: 1 becomes left child of 66. AVL property is not violated.
4. Insert 53: 53 becomes right child of 1. AVL property is not violated.
5. Insert 23: 23 becomes left child of 53. AVL property is violated at 1 with RL imbalance , so first implement right rotation at 53 and then implement left rotation at 1.
6. Insert 29. 29 becomes left child of 53. AVL property is violated at 66 with LR imbalance , so first implement left rotation at 23 and then implement right rotation at 66.
7. Insert 87: 87 becomes right child of 79. AVL property is violated at 66 with RR imbalancd , so implement left rotation at 66.
8. Insert 17: 17 becomes right child of 1. AVL property is not violated.
9. Insert 78: 78 becomes right child of 66. AVL property is not violated.
10. s: Print the count the number of left and right rotations. Count of left rotations and right rotations are 3,2 respectively.
11. Search 17: 17 is present in the tree and it follows the path 53,23,1 and 17.
12. Search 78: 78 is present in the tree and it follows the path 53,79,66 and 78.
13. p: print the preoreder traversal.
14. Final tree is:
              53
            /    \
          23      79
         /  \    /  \
        1    29 66  87 
         \       \
         17      78



### Test Case 5

Input

```
i 10
i 20
i 30
i 40
s
i 50
i 60
i 70
i 80
s
x 70
x 100
p
e
```

Output

```
1 0
4 0
40 60 70
-1
40 20 10 30 60 50 70 80
```

Explanation for Output:

1. Insert 10: The tree is empty, so 10 becomes root. AVL property is not violated.
2. Insert 20: 20 becomes right child of 10. AVL property is not violated.
3. Insert 30: 1 becomes right child of 20. AVL property is violated at 10 eith RR imbalance so implement left rotation at 10.
4. Insert 40: 40 becomes right child of 30. AVL property is not violated.
5. s: Print the count the number of left and right rotations. Count of left rotations and right rotations are 1,0 respectively.
6. Insert 50. 50 becomes right child of 40. AVL property is violated at 30 with RR imbalance , so implement left rotation at 30.
7. Insert 60: 60 becomes right child of 50. AVL property is violated at 20 with RR imbalancd , so implement left rotation at 20.
8. Insert 70: 70 becomes right child of 60. AVL property is violated at 50 with RR imbalancd , so implement left rotation at 50.
9. Insert 80: 80 becomes right child of 70. AVL property is not violated.
10. s: Print the count the number of left and right rotations. Count of left rotations and right rotations are 4,0 respectively.
11. Search 70: 70 is present in the tree and it follows the path 40,60 and 70.
12. Search 100: 100 is not present in the tree , so print -1.
13. p: print the preoreder traversal.
14. Final tree is:
              40
            /    \
          20      60
         /  \    /  \
        10   30 50  70 
                 \
                 80     